index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "ePortfolio"
---

# Welcome to My CS499 ePortfolio

Thank you for visiting my ePortfolio! This site showcases my final project for the Computer Science Capstone at SNHU, including:

- My professional self-assessment
- The original project artifacts comprising the MEAN stack Travlr Trip Listings application from CS465
- A code review video, submitted as the first milestone in this course
- Three enhancements to the Travlr Trip Listings project (Milestones Two, Three, and Four)
- Narratives explaining each enhancement and its alignment with program outcomes

<!-- 🔗 Sticky Quick Navigation -->
<div style="position: sticky; top: 0; background-color: white; padding: 1rem; z-index: 1000; box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">
  <strong>Quick Navigation:</strong>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#code-review">Code Review Video</a></li>
    <li><a href="#original">Travlr Trip Listings: Original Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-one">Enhancement One</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-two">Enhancement Two</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-three">Enhancement Three</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

## Code Review Video {#code-review}

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OFDothTvoj4" title="Travlr Project Code Review" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Original Artifact: Travlr Project (CS465) {#original}

This is the original version of the Travlr full stack application, created during CS465 before any enhancements were applied.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/main" target="_blank">View Original Project (Main Branch)</a>

---

## Enhancement One: Software Design & Engineering {#enhancement-one}

This enhancement focused on modularizing the Angular frontend, implementing route guards, and adopting standalone architecture.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-one" target="_blank">View Enhancement One Branch</a>

---

## Enhancement Two: Algorithms & Data Structures {#enhancement-two}

This enhancement restored backend search functionality, refined regex validation, and handled edge cases.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-two" target="_blank">View Enhancement Two Branch</a>

---

## Enhancement Three: Databases {#enhancement-three}

This enhancement added compound indexing, normalized schema inputs, and improved validation logic.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-three" target="_blank">View Enhancement Three Branch</a>

Commit message:

Enhance index.md with back-to-top links
Added back-to-top links for easier navigation.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "ePortfolio"
---

# Welcome to My CS499 ePortfolio {#top}

Thank you for visiting my ePortfolio! This site showcases my final project for the Computer Science Capstone at SNHU, including:

- My professional self-assessment
- The original project artifacts comprising the MEAN stack Travlr Trip Listings application from CS465
- A code review video, submitted as the first milestone in this course
- Three enhancements to the Travlr Trip Listings project (Milestones Two, Three, and Four)
- Narratives explaining each enhancement and its alignment with program outcomes

<!-- 🔗 Sticky Quick Navigation -->
<div style="position: sticky; top: 0; background-color: white; padding: 1rem; z-index: 1000; box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">
  <strong>Quick Navigation:</strong>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#code-review">Code Review Video</a></li>
    <li><a href="#original">Travlr Trip Listings: Original Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-one">Enhancement One</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-two">Enhancement Two</a></li>
    <li><a href="#enhancement-three">Enhancement Three</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

## Code Review Video {#code-review}

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OFDothTvoj4" title="Travlr Project Code Review" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Original Artifact: Travlr Project (CS465) {#original}

This is the original version of the Travlr full stack application, created during CS465 before any enhancements were applied.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/main" target="_blank">View Original Project (Main Branch)</a>

[⬆️ Back to Top](#top)

---

## Enhancement One: Software Design & Engineering {#enhancement-one}

This enhancement focused on modularizing the Angular frontend, implementing route guards, and adopting standalone architecture.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-one" target="_blank">View Enhancement One Branch</a>

[⬆️ Back to Top](#top)

---

## Enhancement Two: Algorithms & Data Structures {#enhancement-two}

This enhancement restored backend search functionality, refined regex validation, and handled edge cases.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-two" target="_blank">View Enhancement Two Branch</a>

[⬆️ Back to Top](#top)

---

## Enhancement Three: Databases {#enhancement-three}

This enhancement added compound indexing, normalized schema inputs, and improved validation logic.

🔗 <a href="https://github.com/joselgarza/cs465-fullstack/tree/enhancement-three" target="_blank">View Enhancement Three Branch</a>

[⬆️ Back to Top](#top)
